ah dang just one of those experiences
where you always know what to do what to
say and where to go no it's literally
one of the most confusing things on the
planet there's a thousand ways to do it
and everyone has their opinion but what
if while on a date was it you who made
your decisions but instead hundreds of
thousands of strangers see in Europe
Matt and I decided to have our Instagram
followers control our lives for 24 hours
only using pills and we ended up over
650 miles away from where we started so
with that idea in mind we decided to
call her friends Houston and Sami who
had never met each other before and see
if they were up to having their blind
dates controlled by the yes theory
Instagram followers since you are the
number one eligible bachelor that we
know just a handsome kind successful
irrational man he's nervous now I have a
friend he was Houston thought of what
would happen if we set him up on a blind
date but will be different about this
particular date is that all the
decisions will be made by poles through
our Instagram accounts so what do you
think Houston and his mom are here and
tomorrow is the big Houston's mom asked
to see the lady for the first time just
like best friend what would you tell her
you know like the dude I hope my
daughter brings home someday
excited nervous I'm curious what do you
hear that beauty all right look I'm
really nervous but I've had my date
coaches here I said put a bunch of pins
in your front pocket and like a
calculator or something talk about money
diamonds and carats you never say the
word diamond
well overall how you feeling I was all
excited I was all confident and I get
here and good sweating yesterday
hello everybody welcome to the blind day
that you will control over the next six
hours between our friend Houston and
they both haven't met each other yet so
you guys today
will take control over what they do all
right so first choice is outfit option
one sophisticated it looks like a
psychiatrist compliment
all right 62% voting for the second so
you're good over 3,000 people voted in
two minutes so that's two number two
number two decided the outfits we want
to know if he should put on a foreign
accent before meeting her or she should
people wish for you to put the accent on
yeah I can do a British accent all right
mostly nervous about my accent haha
everybody sat on three two one yeah hi
Sammy
nice to meet you beautiful accent mmm
I don't know if it's beautiful but it's
something for the first 30 seconds great
well are you from Sammy I'm from the UK
Arizona yeah this sounds right I can
hear that exhale
I'm from Seattle wait don't move stay
right here makes me feel like I'm really
bad weather you should tell her your
latest joke or whether she should tell
you her name's Joe Oh
55% prep the joke let's hit the streets
people have voted Sami to tell her
lamest joke so are you ready yeah what
do you call two Mexicans playing
basketball
okay just for disclaimer she's half
Mexican have the topic so she can make
my ready to fly yeah who rides in front
Sammy that mean you're controlling it
[Music]
look at that synchro
it's pretty good right right that was
successful scooter right there broke up
there no one got injured but now we have
another question Houston's mom came to
visit him literally last night so we're
wondering if she should go say hi to his
mom or he should FaceTime her mom
also they have no idea about this part
so we're just gonna get the vote and go
down and know all right guys we sort of
put something up for vote and 74 percent
said that you should 30 minutes we can
do the other thing all right this is
like one of my favorite things to do
whenever we play we have discomfort it's
a very very good bonding experience one
of you is gonna have an earphone it's
gonna be out in public and the other
person is gonna be directing the other
person like to say and it could be as
and then we'll go see mom because she
was out of the house okay it's so close
does anything like that one I want joke
I'm done menacing
I can have him say or do anything
anything he's in just like anything in
the three girls behind you that are all
taking the selfies I want you to jump in
with them and ask to take a selfie with
them can I take a picture with you guys
yeah you guys just look really good so I
just one of the hype and said all right
cool thanks I want you to now start
salsa dancing with her while they're
taking the photos are you familiar with
dancing at all no I just heard learning
salsa so I thought maybe I could try
salsa
are you good at Sawle saying I think it
goes like this and then you step back
for what then back the other foot
spinner spinner and then you spin and
then there's the dip I want you to get
on all four and just crawling away you
guys are the worst all fours come on
that girl that's walking by herself
wearing black I don't you to go up and
just start speaking Finnish desperate
spirits back in the day Finnish nice
making me mad Agassi okay do finish with
the dog go ahead and just start kissing
the dog Hey
now up against the wall I want you to
start trying to do a hands down kind of
athletic ability thing I have here
attend okay Vince are you coming up just
trying it out just seeing if I can do it
go to the corner and I want you to start
singing Mary Howell
mary had a little lamb little lamb whose
fleece was white as snow you can stop
thank you all right so I want you to
walk over towards the crosswalk and
you're gonna go ahead and get
you're putting me in traffic oh my god
people hate me so much it's about time
that you be the parent right yeah we're
here the worst and now we're trying to
figure out whether they should spend the
rest of the bait
on the ground or in the air that was
heads go to beautiful smile she's
sitting here she's met my mom she tells
me what to do which is good I don't know
man super fun she's so smooth and like
man getting conversation I'll give you
my favorite tip yeah it's if you've ever
been worried about being interesting
stop work on being interested works like
a charm every time we got the vote in
and people voted for air so I pretty
much have to reveal what we're doing we
are gonna go up in the air in the
helicopter
have you ever been up at night though
now I'm not even sure if you're suppose
might be a little chilly national
selection damn I was gonna offer you my
coat
[Music]
all right this all went pretty amazing
way better than we even thought so we
want to ask you these two should go on a
second date
let us know what if they vote no 97%
there's one last vote we'll go inside
and we'll reveal the next play there is
now two options or like possible second
date ideas that we came up with
whichever people vote on second 61% of
the people voted for you thank you guys
so much for watching we're actually
planning on doing Instagram followers
controlling our lives this month we're
traveling to Southeast Asia specifically
Thailand next week and we want to do it
out there so if you want to participate
with us this time then make sure you go
follow us on Instagram and also Sunday
something huge is coming you then he
hits
[Music]